You can create a method called move,
like the constructor method. same
as the same syntax as the constructor
except it's different and then we go this
dot x plus
equals
this dot x min-
no it should be player dot
x minus this
dot x x not y
divided by 100 no
this is a bad script But
I'm not really going for functionality
right now. This is
just a simple move toward the player
script that
lets you move. OK, now
you go e1.move.
And
and thenWe need to render
one.
That goes
draw.fill
style
equals this
dot colour. Okay, there
we go. Then we go
draw.fill. uh
this dot x
divided by this oh
wait not divided by this
dot w divided by 2
this dot y
minus this dot h divided
by 2 and then this
dot w this dot
w this
.h that will draw a
rectangle at these and
then you go e1 dot
render
e2 dot render
okay
you know they will move towards the
player note that they get faster the
farther they are away which ishow I
programmed it but there are
ways to do what I did better
but
okay what if you want loads of these but
you don't want to write these two every
time you want to do it this could pose
a problem because you could have a lot of
enemies and you just have so much of
this to deal with so I
can show you the solution we go
var
and then me this is a
stranger way of doing things but
works so who's gonna argue
you know
we go more like this
and we delete this but and then we
replace the enemy equals class
which is great and then
we can go
doa sort of
enemy.runAllLoop
is what I'm going
to call it.
And then
you go to add this thing in.
Know that every time you create
one of these, it creates a new object.
and that's a problem because
then you use memory
How do we get every single one of these
objects that we create?
Well, that's where
with this. I'm going to do this
to create this object. Call it
like instances or
like clones, like what
what Scratch calls them. I'm gonna do
clones, but equal, wait, I'm
gonna make sure it equals like a,
I'm going to go let clones
close that. Actually, let's do just var
because var seems to be the
most realibleto me.
Ooh, wait.
I don't think. And then, okay, there we
go. Now we just go clone.
for all right
for each
then we go clone for each
clone it will run this it will
be clone.loop
now exists
clone.loop now it
will run this every time so like
Move. OK, yeah,
I'd move. Yes, great. And then render it
after you move it, because
it's not always-- you don't want to
render it before you move it, because
then you're not actually seeing exactly
where it is. You're seeing where it was,
and that's not good. And then
you can just go
enemy.run all
loop.
this moves all of those
and also you can just go
new new enemy
me and and it will still run no
matter what so you could go 800
1 30
hmm alert
purple purple is great
but now you don't have to create a
variable although you
could probably
if you want to reference it later then
yeah sure go var enemy
equals new enemy which actually that's
not a good idea because enemy is already
defined but
now you can create these
Where is the error?
Oh, I'm stupid. That
is just a dumb mistake.
Enemy.
What do you mean is not a
function?
oh wait equals
function
okay that
honest mistake I'm that was just
this that move this
that render I am so
What?
Oh, yes. I'm sorry. You have to
do...
Clones.push
this or else...
Sorry. You have to add the clone
to the the list for this to work.
So, oh,
I'm just stupid. As well,
same problem again. Uh,
this dot color.
Okay, yeah there you go.